WAYNE J. RASMUSSEN
16326 Itasca Street   North Hills, CA 91343

(818) 437-4123								   waynejrasmussen@gmail.com
                              
DATABASE / SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR
Delivering Leadership, Accountability, and Excellence

PROFILE
Highly successful technology expert with more than 30 years of experience in multiple critical roles within various technology-focused industries. Leader of multi-site database operations, business continuity, and process management. Extensive experience in full life cycle project management and systems implementation projects on numerous scales. 

Subject-matter expert serving as a welcome addition to any business team, with a demonstrated ability to deliver highly critical projects and data within tight schedules / budgets, willing and able to function in any role necessary to ensure project success. Professionally dedicated individual with desire to develop innovative solutions that influence operational and strategic decisions while exceeding customer needs and expectations. 

* A builder of high-performance teams that produce self-motivated, self-sustaining, goal-oriented, and multi- disciplined professionals. A business partner who thrives in environments requiring a high-level strategist and big-picture thinker. Detailed development manager who streamlines processes, reduces unnecessary expenses, and focuses on profit goals, while investing in people.

* Highly proficient in re-engineering both existing and new procedures to enhance team and company performance.  Hands-on involvement in research and development, process development, and ongoing process-improvement activities.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Operations Management • Strategic Planning • Analytics / Data Management • Training and Development
Expense Reduction • Information Analysis • Actionable Reporting • Program and Project Management 
Customer Service Management • Performance Metrics • Budgetary Analysis • On-Time Delivery
Performance Optimization • Resource Management • Team Leadership • Product Development 
Installation / Configuration • Administration • Networking and Security • Troubleshooting
Database Creation / Administration • Customer Relations • Solaris Security Audits

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
CFengine • The Center for Internet Security (CIS) Scoring Tool • Jumpstart Enterprise Toolkit • Availability Suite
MYSQL • HTML • CSS • Java • C/C++ • PHP • javascript • jQuery • cvs • Scripting • Solaris Firewall • Ubuntu • postfix • SpamAssassin
SAMBA on Solaris (including MS AD) • Exchange Server • Microsoft Office Suite 


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Data + Imagination, Inc. 			North Hollywood, CA 			          1994 to 2011
System / Database Administrator / Network Security / Technical Support / Project Management/Programmer
Oversaw Solaris Operating systems and maintained system and network security for United States House of Representatives NSA level security audits. Performed data analysis and built intricate databases with CASS certification and NCOA processing.

Integrated Solaris and Microsoft Windows operating systems, performing software testing and troubleshooting. Wrote software and compiled / wrote scripts, managing high level customer support for database client and software.  Collaborated with software / hardware vendors on various projects, as well as coordinated with information-technology and security at installation / customer sites.
WAYNE J. RASMUSSEN	   					                                              	      PAGE 2


Quadratron Systems, Inc. 			Westlake Village, CA				          1993 to 1994
Technical Support Representative
Provided telephone support of office automation tools, such as e-mail, word processing, spreadsheet, and database products on UNIX platforms. Performed technical writing, backups, network administration, software testing, quality assurance, and integration. Designed and wrote UNIX scripts to aid testing, installation and configuration.


Symbolics, Inc. 				Chatsworth, CA				          1989 to 1992
Field Service Technical Support Engineer
Remotely supported and provided on-site coordination with field engineers repairing Symbolics Equipment. Performed various aspects of technical writing and illustrating, as well as site and network database maintenance. Collaborated with various hardware / software engineering departments, providing manufacturing and software support to resolve system issues. Occasional LISP programming.


Truvel, Inc. 					Chatsworth, CA				          1988 to 1989
Product Support Specialist
Provided pre- and post-sales support of hardware and software for digitizing scanners, maintaining high customer satisfaction, and initiating meetings between marketing and engineering departments to resolve hardware and software quality assurance issues.


ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

Symbolics, Inc. 				Los Angeles, CA				          1986 to 1988
Field Service Engineer
On-site support of Symbolics LISP Machine Servers including, Operating system installation and configuration with networking. System integration support for Symbolics Graphics Division. Occasional LISP programming. Troubleshooting and repair of hardware, software, and networking issues

Naval Support Force 			Antarctica					          1982 to 1985
Electronics Technician Supervisor
Supervised electronics technicians for multiple departments. Designed and wrote 8080/8085 machine/assembly language diagnostic software for multiprocessor based satellite imaging system. Project management for advance electronics systems and software.

MILITARY EXPERIENCE

United States Navy										          1978 to 1985
Electronics Technician
Supervised electronics technicians for multiple departments. Designed and wrote 8080/8085 machine/assembly language diagnostic software for multiprocessor based satellite imaging system. Project management for advance electronics systems and software.


