WAYNE J. RASMUSSEN
16326 Itasca St, North Hills CA, 91343

(818) 437-4123								   waynejrasmussen@gmail.com
                              
PROJECT MANAGER
Delivering High-Quality Software Development Expertise

PROFILE
Experienced software engineer with a record of developing and supporting successful projects and solutions incorporating a wide range of applications and technologies. Consistently recognized and tasked by executive management to improve organizational effectiveness and efficiency by adopting innovative product release / development strategies. Exceptional leadership that aligns identified needs with project scope, while mitigating risk. 

Talented, results-driven, and versatile leader, with a record of success in implementations requiring an in-depth knowledge and solid experience working with complex cross-platform systems, integration, and product release in various environments.

* Extensive technical knowledge and business acumen providing the background to quickly assess and utilize the appropriate response to meet the specific needs of the business requirement at hand. 

* Highly proficient in re-engineering both existing and new procedures to enhance team and company performance.  Hands-on involvement in research and development, process development, and ongoing process-improvement activities.


CORE COMPETENCIES
Cross-functional Communication • Vendor Management • Project Development Lifecycle Management
Performance Optimization • Budget Management • Preventive Maintenance • Business Strategy
Program Management • Process Re-engineering • Process Interview / Documentation
Trouble Tickets • Leadership • Innovation • Problem Solving • Metrics Reporting
Proposal Development • Training • Quality Assurance
Software Engineering • Service Management 


TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
CFengine • The Center for Internet Security (CIS) Scoring Tool • Jumpstart Enterprise Toolkit • Availability Suite
MYSQL • HTML • CSS • Java • C • PHP • cvs • Scripting • Solaris Firewall • Ubuntu • postfix • SpamAssassin
SAMBA on Solaris (including MS AD) • Exchange Server • Microsoft Office Suite 


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Data + Imagination, Inc. 			North Hollywood, CA 			          1994 to 2011
System / Database Administrator / Network Security / Technical Support / Project Management
Oversaw Solaris Operating systems and maintained system and network security for United States House of Representatives NSA level security audits. Performed data analysis and built intricate databases with CASS certification and NCOA processing.

Integrated Solaris and Microsoft Windows operating systems, performing software testing and troubleshooting. Wrote software and compiled / wrote scripts, managing high level customer support for database client and software.  Collaborated with software / hardware vendors on various projects, as well as coordinated with information-technology and security at installation / customer sites.
WAYNE J. RASMUSSEN	   					                                              	      PAGE 2


Quadratron Systems, Inc. 			Westlake Village, CA				          1993 to 1994
Technical Support Representative
Provided telephone support of office automation tools, such as e-mail, word processing, spreadsheet, and database products on UNIX platforms. Performed technical writing, backups, network administration, software testing, quality assurance, and integration.


Symbolics, Inc. 				Chatsworth, CA				          1989 to 1992
Field Service Technical Support Engineer
Remotely supported and provided on-site coordination with field engineers repairing Symbolics Equipment. Performed various aspects of technical writing and illustrating, as well as site and network database maintenance. Collaborated with various hardware / software engineering departments, providing manufacturing and software support to resolve system issues.


Truvel, Inc. 					Chatsworth, CA				          1988 to 1989
Product Support Specialist
Provided pre- and post-sales support of hardware and software for digitizing scanners, maintaining high customer satisfaction, and initiating meetings between marketing and engineering departments to resolve hardware and software quality assurance issues.


ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

Symbolics, Inc. 				Los Angeles, CA				          1986 to 1988
Field Service Engineer
On-site support of Symbolics LISP Machine Servers including, Operating system installation and configuration with networking. System integration support for Symbolics Graphics Division. Occasional LISP programming. Troubleshooting and repair of hardware, software, and networking issues

Naval Support Force 			Antarctica					          1982 to 1985
Electronics Technician Supervisor
Supervised electronics technicians for multiple departments. Designed and wrote 8080/8085 machine/assembly language diagnostic software for multiprocessor based satellite imaging system. Project management for advance electronics systems and software.

MILITARY EXPERIENCE

United States Navy										          1978 to 1985
Electronics Technician
Supervised electronics technicians for multiple departments. Designed and wrote 8080/8085 machine/assembly language diagnostic software for multiprocessor based satellite imaging system. Project management for advance electronics systems and software.


